c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Document_page.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Home.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Login_step1.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\News.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Question.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Sponsors.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\stream.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Stream_Application.xr.xml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Stream_Application.exe
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Stream_Application.pdb
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\bin\Debug\Stream_Application.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Document_page.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Document_page.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Home.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Home.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Login_step1.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Login_step1.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\News.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\News.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Question.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Question.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Sponsors.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Sponsors.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\stream.g.i.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\stream.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Document_page.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Home.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Login_step1.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\News.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Question.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Sponsors.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\stream.xaml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Document_page.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Home.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Login_step1.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\News.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Question.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Sponsors.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\stream.xbf
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Stream_Application.exe
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\Stream_Application.pdb
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\atuls\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Stream_Application\Stream_Application\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
